# TheAtlantisProject

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Explanation of Project
----------------------
A tethered ring is a dynamic structure that can cost-effectively support space launch facilities, transportation infrastructure, and a sizable human settlement at high altitudes. An altitude of 32 km and a population of 250,000 is shown to be achievable using circa 2017 science and technology.

The structure resembles a pipeline formed into a ring having a diameter similar to that of Earth’s moon. It stays aloft primarily by generating and properly combining inertial forces with tensile forces to offset the pull of gravity. The inertial forces are produced by the circular motion of magnetically levitated rings within the pipeline, and the tensile forces are generated by appropriately tethering the pipelines to the planet using stays made of strong, light-weight, industrial fiber.

The entire structure can be fabricated on Earth and neither its construction nor its deployment depends on a pre-existing space infrastructure or space-based industry. The deployed structure is resilient to catastrophic failure because its precision-guided fast moving components are: a) not exposed to seismic or climatic battering, and b) safely above and thus out of range of tacit civilizational threats, such attacks involving torpedoes or commandeered aircraft.

The tethered ring is an optimal “stepping stone” infrastructure for furnishing humanity with a safe, affordable, and sustainable means to escape Earth’s gravity, expand its civilization into space, and ultimately evolve into a multi-planetary species.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Works on Unity 5.6.0f3
Does not seem to work fully on Unity 5.4.0f3 (Earth textures are missing)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Getting Started...

After opening the project, go to the Project tab, and in the search window type "Earth2". Then double-click on the unity icon to select the scene.

Press the "Play" button to get start the automatic fly-through.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Works on the HTC Vive.  Be sure to access the Asset Store in your Unity Editor and download the Steam VR Plugin.  After doing so, the Vive should work
just as the Oculous does.
